In this project I am writing several tests to check the functionality of Urban Routes app. These tests repositories are cloned to my computer and sent to Github in order for my collegues to have access to the project. The software I am using is GitBash, Visual Studio Code and the terminal built within VS Code. GitBash is a command-line shell for enabling git with the command-line in the system. Visual Studio Code is a code editor to help debug, run tasks, and provide tools for development. The terminal used within VS Code was used for typing/running commands, executing programs, opening documents, and manipulating files.

Starting the project I used GitBash specifically to take the https URL from Github in order to clone the repository "hm08-qa-us," which was provided via Tripleten. The way I successfully completed this task was by copying my URL for the "hm08-qa-us" repository on Github, and pasting it next to the command "git clone." In my next task I had to insall "npm install" using the terminal in VS Code. In order to open the correct file, I had to go to my "hm08-qa-us" file in my folder created through Github and Tripleten. To do so I typed in "cmd" in the file search bar to open the terminal through my pc. Next I wrote the "npm install" command and let it run in the terminal. After that was installed properly I was then ready to continue onto the next task. On Tripleten, the project description provided a server to run a personal URL. In order to do this I had to click "run" and copy the URL posted into the wdio.conf.js file. This file holds a great amount of information pertaining to this project. Without having my own personal URL in the wdio.conf.js file, I would not be able to successfully run my code. 

Once everything was set up properly, I am now ready to write automated tests to check the functionality of Urban Routes. I began writing my tests in a "creatAnOrder.e2e.js file. There were several tests to cover such as "Setting the address," "Selecting Supportive plan," "Filling in the phone number," "Adding a credit card," "Writing a message for the driver," "Ordering a Blanket and handkerchiefs," "Ordering 2 ice creams," and lastly, "The car search modal appears." All these tests were written individually. I had to work on each test finding the selectors using the dev tools on certain elements of the Urban Routes app. Finding the proper selector was done by right clicking over an element on the app and selecing the "inspect" button. From there I was able to find the correct selector and add it to my page.js file. After I had all the information needed on my page.js file I was able to go the createAnOrder.e2e.js file to write code specificlaly related to each individual test. Once everything was written I was then able to run the test by inserting "npm run wdio" command in the terminal. Once this command was running, a window of the app and the code written would run automatically displaying each test accordingly. After the command runs the tests, the terminal gives you feedback whether the code passed or failed. All 9 tests passed 100%.

The code style I used varied. One of the coding styles I used was camelCase. This style is used to separate words in a way without using a space making the first letter of the second word capitalized. For example "phoneNumberButton." I used two keywords primarly when writing code for each test. This included the keywords "await," and "const."I used "await" keyword before the call to a function or variable that would then return a promise. I also used "const" keyword to specify that a variable in my code is constant. 







